1.	What is your name?

John Ha


2.	Could you briefly tell me about your background and yourself?

Biology major, 35 years old. Works for national defence. Currently studies computer science in a part time basis.


2b. Could you describe your current occupation? 

Policy analysts of the defence team (official language policy analysts). Took linear, calculous, and stats. Used trigonometric, log and exponential.


3.	Could you tell me about your educational profile?

BIO. Comp-sci part time.


4.	How do you solve calculations in your daily life?

Uses a calculator, for simple calculations he used math lab.


4b. What kind of mathematical calculations do you perform?

Finding eigen values and all sorts of calculations, used the calculator more for integrals and derivatives.


5b. How often do you use a calculator?

Almost never, when he takes a course that requires calculations, he uses it at least once a week.


5.	Under which context do you use a calculator? (eg. work, academic, personal)

Mostly academic.


7. What kind of devices do you use to perform the calculations?
7b. Do you prefer any specific software’s to do these calculations on?

His computer, really likes mathlab.


8. How important is the user interface and design of a calculator to you? 

Doesn’t really put much importance, doesn’t care about design.


10. Would you consider the undo/edit function important in a calculator?

Yes, he does.


11. How useful would you find a calculator that provides history of previous calculations?

Pretty dam important, mistakes happen, and it makes it easy to solve.


# Scientific Calculator
As its name suggests, the scientific calculator is designed for performing scientific calculations. This type of calculator usually has more buttons than a standard calculator, as it needs to be able to perform trigonometric functions, logarithms, and exponential operations (transcendental functions).
Ref: https://www.techtarget.com/whatis/definition/calculator#:~:text=Scientific%20calculators,sine%2Fcosine%20and%20exponential%20operations.
<<FACT= explain briefly what a scientific calc is>>

12. How would you describe your experience with a scientific calculator, if you have any?

Very useful. Without it he wouldn’t be able to complete the calculations quickly.


13. Do you usually need an explanation for the functions on a scientific calculator? 
    (If the person does not use a scientific calculator, ask them if they will prefer to see such explanations if using one)

He does, sometimes. Thinks it would be useful, when starts to learn new math functions serves as a reminder.


14. What are the features that you use the most in a scientific calculator?
    (If the person does not user a scientific calculator, ask them what feature of a scientific calculator would they find most useful)

Trigonometric functions. 


15. What is your goto function on a calculator? Would you prefer a hotkey mapped for this function?

square root, which is already mapped. Doesn’t need many variations of this function.


16. Would you prefer the ability to navigate through the steps of the calculation?

He would


17. How important is accuracy in decimal places of your calculations.

Not very important


18. Would you need a calculator that can handle complex numbers?

Never needed one. Calculations with complex numbers were done quicker and more accurately by hand.


19. What are the most frustrating things about your calculator?

Accidentally loses the tract of the calculations by clicking the wrong button


20. Does the scientific calculator meet your needs? If not, what do you think does it lack?

Generally, meets the need, calculator he uses lacks integral/derivative function. Also doesn’t allow to go back and would like that feature.


21. If you could add any ability, which one would you add in a scientific calculator?

Derivative


22. Is there anything else that you would like to add about your views/use of a scientific calculator?

Doesn’t use a calculator often enough to be able to supply additional views

